Added Policy Group 7 and changed Policy 1.1 per Issue 175 (#187)
cisagov/ScubaGoggles: baselines/Google Chat Minimum Viable Secure Configuration Baseline v0.1.md

9.  Select the appropriate action to warn or block sharing, based upon the agency's individual requirements.
10. In the **Alerting** section, choose a severity level, and optionally, check **Send to alert center to trigger notifications**.
11. Review the rule details, mark the rule as **Active**, and click **Create.**

## 7. Content Reporting

> This section covers the content reporting functionality.

Reviewer: Recommend expanding this to define what content reporting is. It's hard to tell exactly what it is just from the name and not all users will be familiar with it.

```suggestion
This section covers the content reporting functionality, a feature that allows users to report messages that violate organizational guidelines to workspace admins.
```

### Policies

#### GWS.CHAT.7.1v0.1

> Chat Content Reporting SHALL be Enabled.

Reviewer: Change spelling, feature is not capitalized like this in Google's documentation, e.g.,
![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGoggles/assets/106177711/15df9aa0-b128-4705-99b2-cef997ef4ad2)

```suggestion
Chat content reporting SHALL be enabled.
```

- Rationale

>   - This ensures that users are able to report content for different categories such as sensitive or confidential information. This provides additional monitoring capabilities.

Reviewer: IMO the rationale does not adequately provide motivation for why this feature has to be enabled.

```suggestion
  - Chat messages could potentially be used as an avenue for phishing, malware distribution, or other security risks. Enabling this feature allows users to report any suspicious messages to workspace admins, increasing threat awareness and facilitating threat mitigation.
```

- Last Modified: February 13, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - None

#### GWS.CHAT.7.2v0.1

> All Conversation Types SHALL be Selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All conversation types SHALL be selected.
```

- Rationale

>   - This ensures that users are able to report content for different categories such as sensitive or confidential information. This provides additional monitoring capabilities.

Reviewer: IMO the rationale does not adequately address the policy. Recommend something like this:

```suggestion
  - Risky messages could potentially come through any of the different Chat conversation types. By selecting all conversation types, agencies ensure that their users are able to report risky messages regardless of the conversation type.
```

- Last Modified: February 13, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - None

  #### GWS.CHAT.7.3v0.1

> Spam, Confidential Information, and Sensitive Information SHALL be Selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spam, confidential information, and sensitive information SHALL be selected.
```

- Rationale

>   - This ensures that users are able to report content for different categories such as sensitive or confidential information. This provides additional monitoring capabilities.

Reviewer: The current rationale doesn't tie very well to the policy statement. Users will be able to report any message, regardless of the categories selected here. What selecting a category does is allow additional granularity in how they can categorize a given message. Perhaps most importantly, it allows them to see that you're interested in receiving reports about spam, confidential information, and sensitive information.

```suggestion
  - Users may be uncertain what kind of messages should be reported. Selecting these message types may help users infer that these types of messages should be reported.
```

- Last Modified: February 13, 2024
- Notes

>   - The other reporting categories can be implemented depending on agency needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The other reporting categories MAY be included depending on agency needs.
```

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - None

### Resources

- [Set-up content moderation for Chat](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?hl=en&article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F13471510%3Fhl%3Den&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=13471510&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)

### Prerequisites

> -   None

Reviewer: Chat history must be on for users to report messages, recommend noting that here. https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F13471510%3Fvisit_id%3D638439737035840473-729100435&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=13471510&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a

Author: Added this.

### Policies

#### GWS.CHAT.7.1v0.1
Chat content reporting SHALL be enabled for all conversation types.

- Rationale
  - Chat messages could potentially be used as an avenue for phishing, malware distribution, or other security risks. Enabling this feature allows users to report any suspicious messages to workspace admins, increasing threat awareness and facilitating threat mitigation. By selecting all conversation types, agencies ensure that their users are able to report risky messages regardless of the conversation type.
- Last Modified: February 13, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - [T1530: Data from Cloud Storage](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1530/)

#### GWS.CHAT.7.2v0.1
All reporting message categories SHOULD be selected.

- Rationale
  - Users may be uncertain what kind of messages should be reported. Enabling all message categories can help users infer which types of messages should be reported.
- Last Modified: February 13, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - [T1530: Data from Cloud Storage](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1530/)

### Resources
- [Set-up content moderation for Chat](https://support.google.com/a/answer/13471510?hl=en)

### Prerequisites

> -   Chat history must be enabled to configure settings in this group.

Reviewer: It's not that history needs to be enabled for changing these settings, rather it needs to be enabled for users to report messages.
```suggestion
-   Chat history must be enabled for users to be able to report messages.
```
